README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Enhanced Preprints Client

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), then Next.JS added following <https://nextjs.org/docs/migrating/from-create-react-app>

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, you should have nvm installed on your machine to get the latest version of node. Run the following commands:

`nvm install`
`nvm use`

Then you can install the dependencies via running `yarn`

## Running the unit tests

To run the unit tests, run `yarn test`.

## Running the browser tests

To run the browser tests, bring up the application with `docker compose -f docker-compose.browsertest.yaml up -d --wait`.

When the application is up, run `yarn test:browser`.

## Linting Typescript - `yarn lint` or `yarn lint:fix`

To identify issues with Typescript, run `yarn lint`, to attempt to automatically fix the issues run `yarn lint:fix`

## Linting sass - `yarn lint-sass` or `yarn lint-sass:fix`

To identify issues with sass, run `yarn lint-sass`, to attempt to automatically fix the issues run `yarn lint-sass:fix`

## Development build - `docker compose up`

To get started with a full development environment for the application, run `docker compose up` and visit port [`localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080). This will hot reload modules, styles and other things, but javascript is a requirement. The unproxied application server is viewable at [`localhost:3000`](http://localhost:3000).

The EPP API server can be viewed at [`localhost:3001`](http://localhost:3001)

You can also view a rudimentary mongodb GUI client at [`localhost:8081`](http://localhost:8081)

You can work with and view the component library via storybook at [`localhost:6006`](http://localhost:6006).

## Development build with local API - `SERVER_DIR="../your-directory-here" docker compose -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.localserver.yaml up`

To start the application with a local version of the [`EPP API server`](https://github.com/elifesciences/enhanced-preprints-server) so you can run the application and test local changes of the API, you need to define an environment variable `SERVER_DIR` with the location of your EPP API server project, i.e. `SERVER_DIR="../enhanced-preprints-server"`, then run the above command to invoke the `.localserver` ovverides.

## production build - `docker compose -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.prod.yaml up`

To be able to see exactly what a production build will look and behave like, but using local services, we have provided an override command. You can use the command above to start the dev environment, but with the app server behaving like production would, for example without javascript and without incremental builds. This is not recommended for development, only for spot checking for differences between a prod build and dev build.
The app is still available at [`localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080).

NOTE: this does not affect storybook, which runs the same in either prod or dev

## Recreating an issue experienced on production

When we are experiencing an issue in production that results in a kaboom then recreating the issue locally can be a quick and effective way to diagnose the problem.

`API_SERVER=https://prod--epp.elifesciences.org docker compose up`

Commit message:

feat(README.md): add instructions for setting SITE_NAME for site specific overrides

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Enhanced Preprints Client

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), then Next.JS added following <https://nextjs.org/docs/migrating/from-create-react-app>

## Prerequisites

Before getting started, you should have nvm installed on your machine to get the latest version of node. Run the following commands:

`nvm install`
`nvm use`

Then you can install the dependencies via running `yarn`

## Running the unit tests

To run the unit tests, run `yarn test`.

## Running the browser tests

To run the browser tests, bring up the application with `docker compose -f docker-compose.browsertest.yaml up -d --wait`.

When the application is up, run `yarn test:browser`.

## Linting Typescript - `yarn lint` or `yarn lint:fix`

To identify issues with Typescript, run `yarn lint`, to attempt to automatically fix the issues run `yarn lint:fix`

## Linting sass - `yarn lint-sass` or `yarn lint-sass:fix`

To identify issues with sass, run `yarn lint-sass`, to attempt to automatically fix the issues run `yarn lint-sass:fix`

## Development build - `docker compose up`

To get started with a full development environment for the application, run `docker compose up` and visit port [`localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080). This will hot reload modules, styles and other things, but javascript is a requirement. The unproxied application server is viewable at [`localhost:3000`](http://localhost:3000).

The EPP API server can be viewed at [`localhost:3001`](http://localhost:3001)

You can also view a rudimentary mongodb GUI client at [`localhost:8081`](http://localhost:8081)

You can work with and view the component library via storybook at [`localhost:6006`](http://localhost:6006).

### Set the SITE_NAME to allow for site specific overrides

```bash
SITE_NAME=elife docker compose up
```

## Development build with local API - `SERVER_DIR="../your-directory-here" docker compose -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.localserver.yaml up`

To start the application with a local version of the [`EPP API server`](https://github.com/elifesciences/enhanced-preprints-server) so you can run the application and test local changes of the API, you need to define an environment variable `SERVER_DIR` with the location of your EPP API server project, i.e. `SERVER_DIR="../enhanced-preprints-server"`, then run the above command to invoke the `.localserver` ovverides.

## production build - `docker compose -f docker-compose.yaml -f docker-compose.prod.yaml up`

To be able to see exactly what a production build will look and behave like, but using local services, we have provided an override command. You can use the command above to start the dev environment, but with the app server behaving like production would, for example without javascript and without incremental builds. This is not recommended for development, only for spot checking for differences between a prod build and dev build.
The app is still available at [`localhost:8080`](http://localhost:8080).

NOTE: this does not affect storybook, which runs the same in either prod or dev

## Recreating an issue experienced on production

When we are experiencing an issue in production that results in a kaboom then recreating the issue locally can be a quick and effective way to diagnose the problem.

`API_SERVER=https://prod--epp.elifesciences.org docker compose up`
